- (Birds chirp) - (Car honks) Just the "little farmer's breakfast" for me, Twyla. I've got the tasting for the wedding this afternoon, don't wanna... spoil my appetite. Oh! You're not using the café for catering? Yes, John. Why wouldn't you have Twyla cater David's big day? Well, the food for the wedding is my gift to David, - so it's really his decision. - (Chuckles) It's just the more you keep mentioning that it's a gift, the less and less it feels like a gift. You know, I-I was just thinking that, you know, how can Twyla enjoy herself at the wedding if she's-if she's working? I'm invited to the wedding? - Sure looks like it. - (Both laugh) Look at you, John, doling out gift after gift this morning like the Turkish Saint Nikolaas. I'll just have the fruit cup to go, please. I must attend to some good news of my own. Coming right up. David, I didn't know she wasn't invited to the wedding. Well, you certainly fixed that problem for yourself. What's your good news? Thank you. Tippy Bernstein is on his way here. He solicited a power-lunch with me today. Well, there is a name I haven't heard in a while. Tippy Bernstein was the executive producer on "Sunrise Bay." What could he possibly want? I'm assuming a new project. Tippy always had his fingers in a few fires. Oh dear. - Good God. - Brave faces everyone. - Hey. - Alexis! Oh, you're looking so natural and... peppy. A bit of a rough night actually. Oh. Well, you're fooling everyone, dear. Mhmm. Um... you just have, you have something in your hair. Here. I'm just gonna grab... that. - Is it gone? - Yeah. (Nervous chuckle) Yeah. Well, thanks for turning up so early, everyone. And welcome. My name is Johnny... Johnny Rose. It's printed right here on the cover of the book that he's handing out to all of you. And my name is Roland Schitt... And I'm the boss you're gonna come to when you don't understand why this guy is making you read about VHS tapes. Not exactly the united front we had discussed, Roland. Well, Johnny, somebody has to inspire these people. Well, welcome to the Rosebud Motel family. Oh, there is our other partner, Stevie Budd! Stevie, do you wanna come over and say hi to our new staff? Uh, I think I need to speak to you for a minute in private. Well, no need for that, we're all family here. Okay. Ronnie found termite damage in Room Six and apparently the entire foundation - is about to collapse. - Uh, Stevie, that's really something we should talk about in private. - Mhmm. - Tell you what? Why don't we take five, and feel free to help yourself to one of our vending machine over there. (Chuckles) Here you go. Welcome everyone. How are we gonna cover these costs? Well, I gave one of my kidneys to my cousin Bruce. Uh, we can see how I run on an empty tank. I went to school with a guy who starts "accidental" fires. I mean, worse comes to worst, we could collect the insurance money. Okay. We're not burning anything down and we're not selling any organs. We're knee-deep in this now. We're just have to figure out where - we're gonna find the money. - Okay. That's good, because Bruce told me my kidney was garbage. Take the pills, Vivian. A "please" might be nice! You really think you'd be head of surgery at Sunrise General if you weren't possessed by your father? Who also happened to be the former head of surgery at Sunrise General? Oh, enjoying the box set, are we? - (Turns TV off) - This season is weird. You're great in it, but I forgot how bad Clifton Sparks was. Oh, it's Uncle Sparky to you, Dear. Also, I'm so confused. Why is Vivian the only one who gets possessed when Trystan also played the Ouija game? Oh, suddenly she's the director. (Grunts) And where do we think we're going? Well, I feel like your publicist should be there if you're meeting with Tickle Bernstein. (Chuckles) Tippy. It's Tippy, and no, not necessary, dear. Not in your condition. - Thank you. - No it's fine. I'll just throw on some clothes. No! I insist. Mummy can handle this one all by herself. All right? What's important is that you stay here where no one can see you and focus on your critical self-care. (Alexis turns the TV on) Oh, I wanna see this. You can and you know it! How dare you make me kill my father twice! - (Slap) - (Gasps) (Repeated slaps and pained grunts) You'll pay for this one day. David: I think that's a must. I honestly don't know what to pick. Mr. Rose, this looks pretty fancy. You sure you're okay to pay for it? I know you have the motel to worry about. Well, I can't back out now, Stevie. David would understand. I mean, not at first, but... deep down he's not a total monster. So we're two minutes late and if this were the actual wedding, the doors would be closed and you would be locked out. Okay? Um, this is Penelope, she's our caterer. Penelope, this is my Dad, who's footing the bill for the food. Stevie is my Maid of Honor, she's just here to eat. So Penelope and I have already selected an appetizer. Wow. This is quite the spread. Looks very impressive, son. - Expensive but impressive! - Hm. Oh, I like this, little side salad. Poor thing. That's the garnish for the lobster roll. Lobster! Ah. Are we inviting The Vanderbilts? I said lobster roll. And to your point, we have not discussed the salad. Oh, I have an amazing Parmesan, arugula and black truffle salad that would complement the evening perfectly. - My God! Yes! - Or... or... if we're not using the lettuce under the lobster roll can we just not make a side salad out of this lettuce? - Are these prices per table? - Um, per plate. And speaking of, we are adding eight more plates. I was finally allowed to invite some friends from New York, - they're a caviar crowd. - Oh, I love that idea. - I love that. - Caviar? Huh? Would anyone like to try some beef tenderloin? Oh, sure. Sure. Oh, you know what they say about tenderloin; always... a risky option. It's gotta be done just, just right. Hmmm... - Mmm. - Yes. - Mmm. - Yes. Well, you know, it's-it's... it's fine. It's fine? Oh, it's the best thing I've ever tasted. Well, you don't want people coming to your wedding and only talking about the food. That is literally the only thing I want them talking about. What is wrong with you? - You love beef tenderloin. - No, I'm just exploring, - you know, other options. - Okay. Well, might I suggest you explore the duck confit Why not, it's not like we're paying for the samples. (Nervous chuckle) We're not paying for the samples, are we? - No. - Oh. Okay. Then do you wanna put a bit more tenderloin - on there, please. - Of course. (Bell over door jingles) (Taps table) Moira f*cking Rose. Wow. I mean, I figured time stood still in this town, but look at you! You are just as... gorgeous as the day I discovered you. Oh Tippy. You're as alive as ever! No, don't get up! No, no. Don't worry about it. Cured that vertigo years ago. I hired a hypnotherapist. Then I married her. And then I divorced her. (In a hypnotized voice) You-are-getting-very... broke. Ha! (Laughs) Tippy, I have missed that vaudevillian charm. Oh, Honey, it's been far too long, but I come bearing gifts. And the first one's standing right over there. Clifton! Muffy! Looking luscious as always. Oh, had I known you were both coming, I'd have dressed for the occasion. (Groans) You're looking fresh and dewy. Gave up the drink. Strictly a wine and scotch man now. Listen, what do you say we all take a load off because this standing thing is not all it's cracked up to be. Cliffy! Cliffy, I have not seen you since you starred in that electrifying courtroom drama about the potty mouth, feral child. Oh, that was an actual court case. My daughter wanted to emancipate and the press couldn't get enough. - Lucky you! - Speaking of...the press can't get enough of you, Moira. That "Crow" picture. - I mean, who'd have thought? - Oh. Thank you! And what did you think, Clifton? I can't wait for the screener. So, I'm sure you're dying to know what this is all about, and since this isn't sweeps weeks, I won't keep you hanging. My imagination has become rather unbridled since you called. Let me guess. A reunion? No, it's much, much, much, much better. Some sort of televised event? It's a panel? - Late night? - They wanna reboot "Sunrise Bay!" - What? Who... - No, no. It's a big, big co-production. All the good people want in. Moira, it's gonna be raw, it's gonna be edgy, and primetime! A sexy new cast, but they have asked for prominent characters from the original to ground the whole thing. - So I called Clifton... - Alphabetical. - And he said... - I said, I wouldn't do it without you. And that was before Nicole Kidman signed on as Adriana's daughter. Nicole Kidman. And I was believing you both up till now. No, no, no. M-Moira this is all true. Have you forgotten that Vivian was killed off? When has that ever stop us? But that last time I was shredded. That's why we have writers. Let them do their magic. Oops, oops. What do we have here? What is that? Is this maybe a very generous offer for a direct to-series primetime Emmy contender. Have a read. Have a read of that and then maybe meet up with us later tonight? We can celebrate over drinks. I don't know what to say. It's a simple answer, Vivian. Say yes. - (Door opens) - Alexis! Do I have news... Okay, thank God you're here because I have so many questions. Like, why did they kill off your character after you had just given birth to your ninth child and escaped from the cave with the secret about your lover... Who was a ghost, yes. And then they killed off in like the most humiliating way. I'm not sure I call it humiliating. You vomited a demon into a toilet, and then fell in and drowned. Well, the writers insisted it was symbolic. Nevertheless, I have something... - And then they shredded you. - Yes. Yes. I should have seen that coming after the contract demands but... - Okay yes. Re: that drama. I just fell down a dark Sunrise fan-hole and found this message board about conspiracy theories. - Oh Alexis. - There are a lot of fans who think Clifton Sparks had you written off the show because he was jealous. Don't be a dotty, poor Alexis. No I, unwittingly negotiated myself off the show. End of story. Okay. You watch this video and tell me who you think he's referring to then. - (Light taps) - (Frustrated groan) Come. There has been some serious Sunrise intrigue around the sudden departure of Vivian Blake. Can you tell us what happened? (Slurring) She had a good run. But let's just say "someone" reminded the producers that there's only room for one head of surgery at Sunrise General. And I think all you housewives at home know who that should be. See, he's basically admitting to having you written off the show. No. He's drunk there. No. That's not... No, Alexis I came here to tell you something... I've been asked to resuscitate Vivian so that she may live again in a primetime reboot. Is Clifton involved? Alexis, he drove all this way just to personally beg me to acquiesce. Hm. Of course he did. You're the only person in the show making headlines - right now. - That's not true. Adriana had that DUI last year. Popped a breasts, poor dear They need you. And all I'm saying is, as your publicist and your daughter, and now the moderator of the "Sunrise Bay" fan forum, there's more to this story. And if you wanna go through with this after watching that video? Just remember that there is nothing wrong with asking for what you deserve. Perhaps a little more housework and little less mouse work might do you some good, Alexis. But thank you for your pair of pennies. Hmm. Good news, Stevie, I think I may have found someone who can do the fumigation for half the price. His name's Phil. He's got a lot of two-star reviews, but that's one more star than the other guys. Will the savings cover the cost of rebuilding the foundation? No. No they won't. So I guess the news isn't that good after all. - (Door opens) - Ooh, hi. Hi. Oh, still eating the tenderloin? Well, they were just gonna throw it out, David. Oh. Um, I noticed that there was some awkwardness earlier at the tasting, and I just got the sense that you were uncomfortable about something. Oh? I don't know why you would think that. Penelope asked if you wanted to crack the top of the creme brulée and you asked, "If we break it, do we buy it?" Well, I think that was a perfectly legitimate question considering I wasn't even hungry after the beef. Okay. I know what's going on. - You do? - Yeah, and don't worry, you don't have to cover the cost of the extra table. That's eight plates than you hadn't budgeted for. Plus Patrick's parents ended up giving us way more money - than we had expected. - Oh. Yeah. Apparently there is some nest egg they set aside for Patrick and his ex-fiancée. So honestly you have to pay for anything if it's going to be a strain. David, - I said I would cover the food... - Okay. But if the Brewers wanna pay for the extra table, then uh, I think that's a wonderful gesture form the Brewers. Great. What did I tell you about that beef? - Oh good. - Right? - So good, right? - Hmm. (Door shuts) Mr. Rose, It's not gonna always be like this. You know, we had a sizable nest egg set aside for David's wedding. He was talking about Bali for a while. We were gonna charter some jets. Fly everybody. I'm gonna get some air, Stevie. (Receding footsteps) (Door opens and shuts) (Sighs) (Crickets chirp) (Low hum of chatter, music plays) Please. You know, I'm not interested in that. Room for one more? - Muffy, grab a chair. - I hope you don't mind, we decided to get a head start on the celebration. Extra dry? Extra olive? Oh, thank you, Mr. Bernstein! Hey, tell that cute bartender I'd love a s*x on the beach. If she has time, I need another scotch. Ha! You better hurry if you want to catch up. Oh no, this doctor would rather nurse her potable, if you don't mind. Best to stay lucid for our congress. Hey. Remember how you entered that time machine you discovered in the hospital's broom closet? Season Three? What if we bring you back that way? (Chuckles) It's not easy to dis-remember my final demise. It was even more vicious than Vivian's getting trampled while honeymooning in Pamplona. Oh Moira! Get over it! Contract negotiations go sour all the time! What do you know about my contract? What? I believe I gave you a new contract today. Did you-did you bring it? - Clifton... - Hm? There are fans who think that you might have had something to do with my being written off the show. (Laughs) What?! Who? Why would... ? Look, Moira, there were a lot of egos back then, and I was different man. That was before my liver transplant. - Is it true? - Think of it as a compliment. Your star was rising, and I was maybe jealous. Oh, would you look at this. I'm getting texts from Nicole's office. Serves me right for sharing EP credit. These people... I'm guessing, Clifton was also responsible for my name being repeatedly left off the Daytime Emmy ballot? No, we submitted you every year. And-and that season that you played your own brother we submitted you for Best Actress and Actor. You did what? Oh, Tippy, I did not negotiate myself out of the job, did I? You deserved every penny. Please Moira, I want you to consider this offer as my amends. If you sign on them, we all get back to doing what we love. There is something I love that I haven't been able to do for quite some time. - (Repeated slaps) - (Pained grunts) Now, Mr. Bernstein, I have a few demands. (Dog barks in the distance, car whooshes by) (Noisy eating) Hm. Hm. Mmm. I don't know, Johnny, I have been racking my brain to come up with the cash. I mean at this point, I'm willing to sell my baseball signed by Geena Davis. Might take more than that, Roland. Gentlemen. Hello. - Stevie. - Hello. Well, apologies for calling such a late meeting but I think you'll both agree we're in a bit of a situation. And by "situation" he means that money-pit of a motel we bought. No, I stand by the decision to expand our business but at this point, I think our only option is to sell the second motel, and recoup whatever we can. Yeah, and I'm in total agreement. Well, I don't like that idea. I don't like that idea at all. What else you got, Johnny? What if we bought more motels? Right now. What am I looking at? These are all the roadside motels currently for sale. Now bottom line, we're not gonna make money off of two or three locations. We're only gonna start seeing the real money at or locations. Yeah, I'm with Stevie, it's a lost cause. Now this would be a bigger undertaking. And if we franchised on a larger scale, yeah, the dividends would be greater. Stevie, where did you come up with this? Oh, it was in a book I was given. I don't know, maybe you read it. You did this before, Mr. Rose. I think you can do it again. Well, we would need a proper investor to pull this off. You know, for the first time, I think I can actually call in some favors with this idea. I mean, we'd need a really strong pitch. And boy, I-I don't even know if anyone from the old life would even take a meeting but... A wise man once wrote: "You miss % of the tapes you don't play". I did write that. And I know that a wise man once wrote: "Thank you to my wife, Moira." That's just the dedication, Roland. That's as far as I got, Johnny. I'm sorry, I'm partial to historical fiction. ("Sunrise Bay" plays on TV) Oh Alexis, has our quarantine been lifted? Yeah, I was scared I was gonna get bed sores, so I'm going for a run. Also, I needed to like cleanse my brain a bit. 'Cause eight hours of watching "Sunrise Bay" made me feel a little not-right in the head. It had that effect. The New England Journal of Medicine did a fascinating study on it. Will you be trapped in this crystal the entire episode? Best to skip ahead. So how was the meeting? You Alexis are one shrewd little Reynard. You were right about Clifton. He sucks in this, by the way. So he had you written off the show? Yes, but I used that little nugget - to negotiate a superior deal. - Hm? I am after all, the one in the cast member still making headlines. So you still said yes? I did. But on the condition that Clifton be written off the show - death of my choosing. And I asked for more money. - Okay. Yass, Mom. - And a diamond tennis bracelet. Okay. Well, that seems like a bit much. But it still sounds like you got what you're worth? Oh, God no. I made them an offer they had to refuse. So, you're not doing it then? No. Thank you, Alexis. Thank you for removing my rosy lunettes, so that I might see Clifton for who he really is. If you did all that without getting out of bed, imagine what you're capable of doing. Okay, how is it that your daughter is also trapped in the cave but has never looked up once. You've been hanging over her for three straight episodes. Oh, you know, children, this is where the season picks up. When the cave starts talking back to me. Voiced by the wonderful Peter Falk. - I was gonna go for a run. - Shh. She's about to look up.
