(Birds chirping) Dobro jutro, my darlings! That, of course, is good morning in... - Bosnian. - We know! Well, I happened upon the most charming petite patisserie this morning, and I thought, my children deserve breakfast in bed! Okay, have we done something? I'm so confused. What do you want? Just to be near you. Chalk it up to the heightened emotionality of opening night just around the corner, and... my bebe girl leaving me so soon! Okay. Thank you so much. - I'm not convinced. - Moira: My pleasure. Oh! And the programs arrived today. Can't wait to see them. shiny new programs. Aren't these just the cinnamon buns from the lobby? And wouldn't you know it, they have presented themselves unfolded. Oh no, so you have to fold them all? Theoretically. But then you remember my crippling carpal tunnel from all those years of signing checks. So why don't I grab you a big stack, and you two can turn it into a fun game. I'm out for the afternoon. Patrick is taking me on a picnic. - Hm. - Then Alexis, perhaps you can bring a few hundred to the cafe, and you and Twyla can gossip and fold, and fold and gossip? Nope, this is my one day off, and Ted and I are doing trip stuff. They need to be folded! And I brought you pastries, and coffees! Okay well, this coffee has nothing in it. Oh, it's just a gesture, David! - Stop being so literal. - Okay... (Birds chirp) (Door clicks open, slams) Hey, what are we doing over here? Well, Galapagos has some pretty killer beaches, so I thought we should come prepared. Oh my God, Turkish Cosmo once included my photo on their list of the world's best sarongs. So let's just say I know my way around a beach. (Laughs) All right, uh... goggles, snorkels. I don't actually go in the open water, but I can't wait to see you do that. - What else? - We got lots of stuff. Biodegradable shampoo, and... - malaria pills. - Excuse me?! Uh no, they're just preventative. We'll also be bringing insect repellant. Okay. Maybe we can just get one of those sexy little mosquito nets for around our bed? Those are actually an insane safety hazard. If they catch fire, you're basically trapped in a burning cage, so. - But, totally. - (Alexis whimpers) Actually, you know what? Why don't we go grab some breakfast, and I will tell you more about our bed there, and what we'll be doing in it. Theodore! Look at this romantic getaway you've planned. It's gonna be the best. We've just gotta make a quick pit-stop at the doctor's, to get some vaccines, and then we'll grab a bite. Okay, part of me is wondering if we even need the vaccines? No, it's just a quick needle, Alexis. Think of it like um, getting Botox. Ew, Ted! What am I, ? Oof! (Car rumbles) (Engine shuts off) - Patrick: Oh. - David: Sure. (Door slams) - Hey, what are we doing? - We're here. Yeah, I just sorta feel like picnicking by the side of the road is basically an invitation to be murdered. We're going on a hike, David. What, you always say you wanna do more physical activity, right? Yes, so that you can tell me I don't need to! I thought we were going on a picnic. We are. We just have to hike to get there. Yeah, I was picturing us like, on a charming park bench in the middle of a private English garden. David, you have to stop watching "Notting Hill". It's not helpful for our relationship. - Okay. Speak for yourself. - There you go. - What is this? - That's your picnic basket. We're gonna need our hands free for the... - For the hike. - Hey, you're gonna love this. - Trust me. - Will I? - (Groans) - (Car alarm beeps on) Let's go, David! (Bird caws) (Insects buzz, woodpecker pecks) Okay. That's it. Oh, look at you, John, my handsome proletarian. All rumpled and sweaty. Well, I'd be less sweaty if Roland hadn't just stood there and watched me load all the furniture onto his truck. Johnny, I am loaning you my truck. And besides, I think you'd look good with a little working-man glow on you. I could do without the musky aroma though, whew! You know, Moira, when you said you needed a few pieces of furniture from the motel to round out the set for Cabaret, I didn't think you'd be robbing us blind. According to Mrs. Rose, our motel is the only place sad enough to pass for a pre-war Berlin brothel. (Exhales deeply) Are you okay, Mr. Rose? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll be fine. Uh, Moira, what else? Anything else I can do? If you'll just get this seating chart to the truck, you'll be then free as a bird. Until we get to the theater. Yeah, I'll spot you, Johnny. Lift with your legs. - (Grunts with effort) - There you go. - Ah! Oh! - Oh John, be careful! - It's a rental. - I'm sorry, sweetheart. It slipped right through my fingers. Just like your youth, right, old man? Mr. Rose, do you think maybe you should... just take a seat for a second? Uh... okay. Just for a minute, though. I'm good. Wow, Johnny, are you okay? How long has this affliction been operative? Yeah, I felt a little tightening this morning, Moira, when I picked up that box of programs from the printer's, but I'm good. John, how was I to know you were in peril? You keep everything inside, like a bashful clam! Okay, Mrs. Rose, I think maybe we should take him - to the hospital. - That sounds alarmist. Right, John? It's just a little muscle pull, that's all, Moira. Yeah, you know, my cousin, Lenny, had the same exact thing, Johnny. Well, what did your cousin do? Can we call him? (Sighs) You can try, I don't think you'll have much luck. The poor guy died of a heart attack. What? No! John? John, can you hear me? Can you hear me? Try to follow the sound of my voice. Moira, I'm gonna need your voice to take five for a minute, thank you. Okay, I really think we should go to the hospital. Okay, you know what? I think... I think may-maybe it's time to go. Okay, no one panic. Okay Stevie, get your car. John's a slow driver. We'll leave the programs behind. Or maybe we'll bring a stack for the trip? - N-no, Mrs. Rose! - You're right. - Everybody move! - Okay. No! Not you, John! (Dog barks) Twyla: So this card means luck. - I think. And... - What's going on here? Twy, I didn't know you played solitaire. I don't. These are tarot cards. I'm raising money for a new dishwasher, so I'm offering five dollar card readings. Yeah, and she's good too. Last time she told me I was in for a bit of luck, and I won ten bucks on a lotto ticket. - Whoa! - I spent $ , but... still. Ahem! Um, so where did you learn how to tell fortunes, Twy? Oh, one of my mom's ex-boyfriends was a magician, and a gambling addict. But he was also really good at reading tarot cards. He predicted when he was going to leave my mom like, to the day. Yeah, that's kinda why I don't love this stuff. It can really mess with your head. Babe. It's for charity. Twyla needs someone to wash her dishes. No, no, the restaurant needs a new appliance. Oh, okay. Well, you should probably get your story straight if you're getting people to donate money, though. - Come on, it'll be fun. - Oh, okay, fine. But only because it's for a good cause. - Yay! - Okay... Place your hands on the deck, and think about something you want. (Giggles) Okay. (Cards tap) Hm... Is something wrong, Twy? Is there water near where you're going? Yeah, we're going to an island. Ooh! I forgot it was an island! And are there boats near the water? Yeah, there are boats on the water. Oh, we can charter this catamaran at sunset. Yeah, so I see a boat capsizing. - What? - People screaming. And a couple, like, under water. And then it sort of fades to black. Oh my God! Ted! Okay no, wait come on, you can't actually see that in these cards. Well, I also need to interpret the cards. Okay, so maybe you could interpret something a little more positive? Oh, I also see a party. People dressed up all fancy in black. Like a black and white party? Mm, more like a funeral. (Groans) Okay, there's no service here. David, put your phone down. We don't need service, we have each other. Well, if you can track my eBay bid, then, by all means. Did we really need two backpacks? I mean, what are you keeping in these things? Well, you had a pretty long list, and we needed ice packs to keep the cheese that you requested cold. Well, did I get the ice pack one? Because this is not light. Just wonder why we couldn't have found a meadow somewhere, you know, with some men on horseback like, trotting in the background. Okay, David, do you want to turn around?! Well, the app that's counting my steps isn't working, so I honestly don't know. You know what? I got up early to pack these bags for us because I thought this would be a fun thing to do together, but obviously that was a mistake. Okay, wow. So then, let's keep going, then. Well no, 'cause there's like, another half an hour to go. So I think it's probably better if we just call it now, and forget about the picnic. Okay, well, we can't forget about the picnic, because I will need to eat at some point soon. Really?! Okay! I love that you've done this for us, and I think you look very dashing in your hiking clothes. It's just a long way to go for some cheese. Then let's turn around, David. - Because honestly, I...ohh! - Where's the bear? No, I stepped on a branch. It went right through my shoe. How do you know that it went through your shoe? - (Whimpers) - Okay, everybody calm down. - It's gonna be fine. - Uhhuh. - Uh-huh? So that - We should go to the... - Okay. This way. - It's right in the soft part. Yeah, I can see that. (Siren wails) Okay, why? Why are we still waiting? Moira, it's a hospital. Why don't you sit down, sweetheart? John? John, I have sentiments that I... that I often say to myself, and I don't say them out loud to you, and I'd like you to hear them. Well, there are people around, Moira, so depending on what it is you're planning on saying. I have given far too much attention to this bicorn of a show. And I want you to know, John, that you are the most important thing in this world to me, you know that, don't you? And I include Caroline in that, and I've had that wig for -years. You don't have to be doing this, Moira. - John, if you make it through... - When! - When what? - When he pulls through! Yes! Everything will change, John. We are going to eat healthier, no... well, not... less, less wine at dinner. I'll have to keep the pills, but I'm not one who's the health risk here. Mrs. Rose, you really need to sit down, because at this point I feel like I am at risk of heart failure. Okay, I've been calling David, and he's not picking up! And what about Alexis? There's an idea. Anybody have her number? I'll text her. Okay, Johnny, um... I figured you were probably hungry, so um, I got you some snacks; here's some chips. And then, this, Johnny, is an energy drink. So that you can stay awake. No! He shouldn't be having any of that. Will you stop going to the vending machine? I'm sorry, Stevie, hospitals make me nervous. The last time I was in one was with Lenny. Although he didn't stay very long. - Oh my God! - What is wrong with you?! Hm? - Okay, Johnny Rose? - Yeah. - Here. - Hi, I'm Doctor Lipman. We're gonna take you back for some tests. - Good. - Is "tests" code for open heart surgery? You can tell me, I once played a nurse on "M.A.S.H." - Okay, is it a heart attack? - At this point, we just want to find out what's going on. - Mr. Rose. Okay. - Yeah, I'll be fine. - You're gonna be okay. - I'll be fine. Okay. Be careful with him. Precious cargo. Whoa, whoa, Moira. Too soon, too soon. Come on. Okay, David, - I need you to pull it out. - Okay, I told you I don't think that's a good idea. What, you think leaving it in is a better idea?! I would do it myself, but it needs to be pulled straight out. - Okay! - Just pull it out, David! - Oh my God! - Straight out. Eyes need to be open, please. Ss! Shh... Shh for a second. (Exhales deeply) Okay. Is it bleeding? - I don't know, my shoe is on! - Okay. Yeah, I don't see anything, but we should still put something on it, because I don't trust where that stick has been. Now, which of these backpacks have the first aid kit in it? I didn't bring one. It was either the first aid kit, or the ice packs. I wanna go home, David! This whole day's been a bust. Well, that's not happening, so... - What is that? - It's hand sanitizer, it can be used as a disinfectant. You think I'd come to a picnic without it? Okay, there we go. We'll reapply later, but at least I don't have to worry about gangrene. I'm sorry for not appreciating you enough today. You've packed two big backpacks full of food, and not a Band-aid to be found in either of them, but still. If you wanna keep hiking, I think we should keep hiking. No, I don't think so. But thank you. I think I sorta killed the romance. No, you didn't. You planned this beautiful day for us. And I think we should finish it. Can you walk? - Yeah, I think so. - Then we keep going. Also, I'm starving, and I need to eat something. (Sighs) I should probably get out in front, David. You have no idea where you're going. - Okay. That's fair. - Ow! (Insects buzz, dog barks) Hey! Hey. Whatcha doin' there? Um, just being on the internet. Alexis, that's just an image search for... intense boating disasters? I just wanted to know what I would look like after a catamaran accident. Come on, you can't tell me that you actually believe Twyla's card reading. Of course not. We're just like, super-duper sure that this is the vacation we want to be taking? What? This is not a vacation. I'm going for work. And look, if you're scared of drowning, we don't have to go on the catamaran tour. Oh, it's more than that, Ted. I don't know what's wrong with me. I've been traveling the world since I was a teen model. But something about this just feels different. Is this about the juice stand? Because I told you, we can just make our own. There's fruit literally everywhere. Okay, this might sound insane, but I've had this like, nagging feeling that as soon as I get there, I'm gonna start thinking about my family. That-that doesn't sound insane. Okay, maybe I'm not expressing myself clearly. Like, I will physically be there, but I will be thinking about them here. Right, so... what you're describing is missing someone, and it is a totally normal feeling. Well, this is a new feeling for me, Ted! What if something happens to David? I'm basically his only friend. Or my Dad. David and my mom sometimes gang up on him, and I'm basically his only friend. Okay, Alexis, you are taking a step out of the nest for the first time in a while, and that's a good thing. And if we get there, and we hate it, well, we'll probably have to wait it out a bit, just because it's pretty far away, and it would be pretty tough to re-book our travel arrangements, but... if we still hate it after that, we can just come home. You're right. Oh, no, no, we're gonna close that now. 'Cause there are some pretty disturbing images on there. Oh God! (Tablet clatters) Man on PA: Dr. Stevens, Room One. Well, you know, uh... I'm just gonna go ahead and say it. It's been a long time, that's usually not a good sign. - Roland. - Hmm? I don't think Mrs. Rose needs to hear that right now. In the Balkan Peninsula they say, "silence is but an empty serving platter." I'm sure there's a deluge of benign reasons they're keeping John back there. Yeah, I'm sure. He-he probably just roped them into one of his long-winded stories. (Chuckles) Or he could be on a table with a triple bypass. Mr. Rose is gonna be fine, he has to be. (Exhales) I mean, I can't be left alone with this motel. I don't do math. (Door bangs) Dr. Lipman: Hey, folks. I have an update on Mr. Rose's condition for you. We did an endoscopy, and found it was in fact severe heartburn. We gave him an antacid, a strong one, and he's doing just fine. (Laughs) Johnny: And I drained a -footer, and finished with an eagle. John! You scared me! Oh Johnny, I thought this was the end of the road for you, pal! Ohhh! You're a blessing, my friend! A blessing! A real blessing. - You are. - Thank you, Roland. Ohhh... Mr. Rose needs to lay off the morning cinnamon buns, and steer clear of acidic foods for a while. But apart from that, he's good to go. Is he, then? Well, he did say that there have been some fatal cases... of heartburn. Did I? Is everything okay, Stevie? Yep, I'm just really not looking forward to folding those programs. It's good to have you back, Mr. Rose. Well, it's good to be back. And thank you, Doctor. I'll have to call you with the rest of that Pebble Beach story. Oh John, the man's done enough! - David, I'm fine. - You were limping, and the rest of the hike would've made it worse. Plus, you don't want to know what my Mom would do if you showed up to opening night, and couldn't walk. Oh, okay. Oh boy. (Sighs) Oh... oh! Well, this is nice. I wouldn'tve made you hike all this way if I didn't think it was gonna be worth it. I know you a little better than that. Okay, so how should I set up the picnic? Yeah, I think it might be a bit late for that. Why don't we uh, why don't we just take in the view for a little while, and then we'll save the picnic for another day? Okay, I didn't carry you up a mountain not to eat cheese after, so... I don't know, David. Okay, just tell me what to do, and I'll set it all up! Okay, fine. Um... in the red bag there's a blanket, you can take that out and lay it down, Okay. This is nice. Uh, in the second bag, there is a bundle of crackers and cheese. - Uh... excuse moi! - And champagne. Hmm! And uh, just one more thing. Um, if you go into that front pocket there, there's actually something. (Rustling) Get it open. (Pants) (Half laughs, half sobs) What's going on? So I used to come on this hike a lot, when I first moved here, and I was uh, I was developing feelings for this guy I had just gotten into business with. And... I didn't know what to do about it because I didn't know if that guy had the same feelings. Or if I'd ever be able to muster up the courage - to let him know how I felt. - (Emotional exhale) And now, here he is. The love of my life, standing in front of me. (Sobs) And this just felt like the perfect place to ask you to marry me. (Sobs) Wha-are you sure? Easiest decision of my life. (Laughs) Mm! (Both laugh) Are these -karat? It's a yes, it's a yes! I love you. (Both laugh) (Bell on door jingles) - Hey, Twy. - Alexis. Hey, what's up? Nothing, I was just on my way back from Ted's, and I thought I'd pop in and see how you're doing, girl. Good shift? Is this about the card reading earlier? What? No. I've been thinking about the card reading earlier, and I just feel like it wasn't the greatest send off, you know? So hopefully I'll get a better one this time, and it will just like, erase the other one. I'd be glad to do it, Alexis, but I should warn you, I think the deck may be cursed. I predicted four other drownings today. Okay, well maybe you should get a new deck. Death aside, your last reading was really good. It was? You guys got up from the table before I could get to it. I flipped the Ten of Cups. And? And I saw your family with this big... golden ring of light around them. Like you all had something to celebrate. - Hm. - It's gonna be a good year, Alexis. You're on the right path. (Relieved sigh) Thanks, Twy. You're welcome. And that golden ring means prosperity. Hm. Either that or it's a stain from a beer bottle. Because my mom's ex gave me the cards. Ew.
